en: add cloudflare best practices (#1530)
nuxt/docs: en/faq/cloudflare.md

---

> title: Nuxt with with Cloudflare

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Using Nuxt with Cloudflare
```

> description: What needs to be considered when using Nuxt with Cloudflare?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: What needs to be considered when using Nuxt with Cloudflare
```

---

# What needs to be considered when using Nuxt with Cloudflare?

> Nuxt can - in most cases - work with additional content (not generated / created by Nuxt). But sometimes additional content can cause problems with Nuxt - especially Cloudflare's "Minification and Security Options".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, Nuxt can work with third party content that is not generated or created by Nuxt itself. But sometimes such content can cause problems, especially Cloudflare's "Minification and Security Options".
```

> Accordingly, you should make sure that the following options are unchecked / disabled in Cloudflare:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accordingly, you should make sure that the following options are unchecked / disabled in Cloudflare. Otherwise, unnecessary re-rendering or hydration errors could impact your production application.
```

1. Speed > Optimization > Auto Minify: **Uncheck** JavaScript, CSS and HTML

> 2. Speed > **Disable / turn off** "Rocket Loader™"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Speed > **Disable** "Rocket Loader™"
```

Stick with one phrase (e.g. `disable`) for all the things. People will know that you mean :relaxed:

3. Scrape Shield > **Disable / turn off** "Email Address Obfuscation"
4. Scrape Shield > **Disable / turn off** "Server-side Excludes"

> With these settings, you can be sure that your Nuxt application will not be affected by Cloudflare's "Minification and Security Options" (which may cause unwanted side effects).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With these settings, you can be sure that Cloudflare won't inject scripts into your Nuxt application that may cause unwanted side effects.
```
